Cube Build fix if no valid data on array (#8001)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

----------

- Keep data models opened by cube build open until the step completes. [#7998]

> - Add return x_det and y_det (set to None) when no data is found on detector to build cube. [#8001]

Reviewer: Needs to move up to unreleased section, now that 1.12.4 has been released.

> - Add return x_det and y_det (set to None) when no data is found on detector to build cube. [#8001]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return x_det and y_det set to None when no data is found on detector for building cube. [#8001]
```
